We will first look at unit testing REST APIs using JUnit,
Mockito, and spring tests,
which is also known as MackMVC.
Writing unit tests using JUnit allows you to test individual units of source code.
JUnit is by far the most popular Unit Testing Framework.
Mockito is a great mocking framework which we'll use to provide data for our JUnit tests.
Spring also has the @MockBean annotation,
which works well with the Mockito Library by allowing
you to mock the dependent beings like the service layer being.
@WebMVCTtest is an annotation used for controller layer unit testing,
and is often used to test one controller class at a time,
and works in combination with Mockito to mock the dependencies.
@WebMVCTest scans only the controllers.
So @controllers, @RestControllers, and we'll not load the full application contexts.
In our case study,
only the location controller will be scanned.
If your controller has dependency on
other beans for example a bean from the service layer,
the test will not run until either you load the bin yourself or provide a mock for it.
This is where the @MockBean annotation comes into play.
Typically, you will need to provide the beans manually by mocking those objects.
@WebMVCTest speeds up testing by only
loading a small portion of your app for unit testing,
just the controller layer.